Fixing documentation and adding some improvements (#77)
opengisch/qfieldcloud-sdk-python: docs/docs/examples.md

    qfieldcloud-cli list-files "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
    ```

### Download Files for Backup

> Once the package job is complete, download the project files for backup. To download all files or filter specific ones (e.g., `.jpg` files):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the project files for backup or just to check what is uploaded. To download all files or filter specific ones (e.g., `.jpg` files):
```

No neeed to mentione package jobs.

Author: I missed it!

    This triggers the package job daily at the specified time. For more information about [schtasks](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/schtasks).

### Download Files for Backup

> Once the package job is complete, download the project files for backup. To download all files or filter specific ones (e.g., `.jpg` files):

Reviewer: If you want, we can keep slightly rephrased:

```
### Check Files Used by QField

Once the package job is complete, you may want to check what files are used by QField.
To download all files or filter specific ones (e.g., `.jpg` files):
```

Author: Indeed, much better..... I will preserve it!
